add				Add files, directories, or symbolic links.
blame			Show author and revision information inline for the specified files or URLs.
cat				Output the contents of the specified files or URLs.
changelist		Associate (or deassociate) local paths with a changelist.
checkout		Check out a working copy from a repository.
cleanup			Recursively clean up the working copy.
commit			Send changes from your working copy to the repository.
copy			Copy a file or directory in a working copy or in the repository.
delete			Delete an item from a working copy or the repository.
diff			This displays the differences between two revisions or paths.
export			Export a clean directory tree.
help			Displays help.
import			Commit an unversioned file or tree into the repository.
info			Display information about a local or remote item.
list			List directory entries in the repository.
lock			Lock working copy paths or URLs in the repository so that no other user can commit changes to them.
log				Display commit log messages.
merge			Apply the differences between two sources to a working copy path.
mergeinfo		Query merge-related information.
mkdir			Create a new directory under version control.
move			Move a file or directory.
patch			Apply changes represented in a unidiff patch to the working copy.
propdel			Remove a property from an item.
propedit		Edit the property of one or more items under version control.
propget			Print the value of a property.
proplist		List all properties.
propset			Set PROPNAME to PROPVAL on files, directories, or revisions.
relocate		Relocate the working copy to point to a different repository root URL.
resolve			Resolve conflicts on working copy files or directories.
resolved		Deprecated. Remove "conflicted" state on working copy files or directories.
revert			Undo all local edits.
status			Print the status of working copy files and directories.
switch			Update working copy to a different URL.
unlock			Unlock working copy paths or URLs.
update			Update your working copy.
upgrade			Upgrade the metadata storage format for a working copy.